Issue #47: ChangeLogged objects honour `created` date (#49)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-netbox-importer: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.4.0 (2021-05-xx)

### Fixed

> - #47 - `ChangeLogged` objects honour `created` date when they are imported and also a related "udpated" `ChangeObject` is created as result of the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #47 - `ChangeLogged` objects honour `created` date when they are imported and also a related "updated" `ObjectChange` is created as result of the migration.
```

  the `master` `Device` occupies a `vc_position` other than `1`.
- #43 - Development and CI testing now defaults to Nautobot 1.0.0 instead of 1.0.0b3
- #43 - Fix test approach to ensure that tests execute against the test database rather than the development database.

> - #47 - ChangeLogged objects honour `created` date and also ChangeObject to represent the migration is created

Reviewer: Please add a new release entry (I'm fine with calling this `## 1.4.0 (2021-05-xx)` for now) rather than adding this under the existing 1.3.0 release.

Author: ok, I thought this was the latest 🤦
